so this is basically it like I said I'm
just using a four and a half inch
grinder I'm using just a composite
grinding wheel I like to use these on
thicker materials you I think they
remove a lot more material faster than
the flap wheels I do like the flap
wheels a lot especially for shaping but
for you know grinding rivets off like
over there I find these composite wheels
just to be the fastest way to do it and
of course that protection I've moved to
these fully enclosed goggles you know I
always well I didn't always I learned
the hard way
I got metal in my eye but I did wear
safety glasses and I found that even
with the safety glasses there were
several times I did get metal in my eye
stuff came in from underneath or from
the top or somewhere so now I go with
these goggles that actually kind of
stick to my face and for long
grinding jobs like this was gonna be I
wear ear protection so just protect
yourself it's you know if you uh it's
about 500 bucks to get a chunk of metal
dug out of your eye and 500 bucks
I mean you can buy a lot of cool parts
for 500 bucks so it's just if you want
to look at it that way to make yourself
do it then look at it that way so anyway
I'm ready to get started and I'll show
you the process along the way
all right so we got three rivets you got
the head of Three Rivers ground down and
all I got is that fourth one there so
I'll get going on that and then shoot
some more video all right as you can see
I've got all four rivet heads ground
smooth so now I'm ready for the next
part of the process removed and what I'm
gonna use I have these chisels
I have chisels but I don't have a
pneumatic pneumatic chisel gun so I've
got this long just kind of flat blade
chisel I also brought a little punch
this is going to be a little bit
difficult because really the only two
rivets that I be able to get to are the
ones here towards the outside of the
frame rail if I go too far in like this
it's really not gonna do a whole lot of
good so I can probably use them like
this let me pan back here a little bit
and get these two sort of inner ones
this is there's the differential so it's
the inside of the frame and then use the
flat blade chisel to get in between this
bracket this bump stop bracket and the
frame so let me going on that we'll see
what we can do well we're getting
somewhere
yeah we're making some progress
so let me uh keep working at this and
while I shoot more video well as soon as
I stopped filming I got the thing off
and all I really did was take the hammer
the chisel helped but this is the
outside this fits on here like that so
all I did so I took my hammer and I just
banged on it here where I could get to
it was kind of outside of the frame rail
a little bit just smacked on it a few
times here a few times here over here
again and then poof just popped right
off so unfortunately I didn't get that
film but there's your piece and so now
we're ready to move on and do the other
side
all right so here we are on the other
side of the truck this is the passenger
side and so this time I'm going to try
and actually get this on film so what
I'm going to do is I'm just going to
take my hammer hit it there I'll hit it
there and just try to go back and forth
and hopefully get it to fall off we're
getting close we're getting really close
and that's it that's all it takes